This directory contains the PLEXIL schemas and related files.  Look
inside the files for more comments.

All schemas are provided in two formats: XSD and RNC (Compact Relax
NG).  We use two third-party tools, Saxon Home Edition and trang, and
an XSLT stylesheet to create the RNC schemas.

The .xsd versions of the schemas are the authoritative sources.  The
Makefile generates .rnc schemas from .xsd.  This process is described
within Makefile.  No user should need to run 'make'; this is a tool
intended for use by the PLEXIL development team;

Schemas provided here:

- core-plexil.xsd defines the Core PLEXIL language which the PLEXIL
  Executive can directly execute.

- extended-plexil.xsd defines the Extended PLEXIL language, a superset
  of Core PLEXIL with additional convenience macros.  This must be
  translated to Core PLEXIL prior to execution by the Executive.

- safe-plexil.xsd defines a restricted subset of Core PLEXIL that is
  easier to verify using static analysis tools.

- plexil-base.xsd is the common subset of the above three schemas.

- plexil-script.xsd is the schema for the Test Executive simulation script.

- core-plexil-v2.xsd, extended-plexil-v2.xsd, plexil-base-v2.xsd, and
  safe-plexil-v2.xsd describe a more compact version of the PLEXIL
  language.  The Plexil Executive will be modified at some future date
  to parse this Core PLEXIL variant.

The file schemas.xml is used by tools (e.g. GNU Emacs's nxml-mode) to
locate schemas for the various XML document types found here.  For
more information, see the following chapter of the PLEXIL manual:

  https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/plexil/index.php?title=PLEXIL,_XML,_and_Emacs

Several XSLT stylesheets are provided here:

- The epx-translator subdirectory contains stylesheets which translate
Extended Plexil into Core Plexil.  The root stylesheet is
translate-plexil.xsd.  The Standard PLEXIL compiler uses these
stylesheets internally.  If desired, the translator can be run
manually by the 'eplexil' or 'plexilc' scripts found in the
plexil/scripts directory.

- canonicalize-v1.xsl reformats a Core PLEXIL plan into a standardized
format, which facilitates comparisons during translator and compiler
debugging.

- summarize-plexil.xsl generates a concise textual summary of a Core
PLEXIL file.  To use it, run the script file found at
plexil/scripts/summarize-plexil.

- plexil-v1-to-v2.xsl translates the current Core PLEXIL XML into
the version 2 form.

- plexil-v2-to-v1.xsl translates Core PLEXIL version 2 XML into the
version 1 form.

- XSDtoRNG.xsl translates .xsd schema files into RELAX NG format.
This is an intermediate step in the XSD to Relax NG Compact
translation.

The test directory contains a regression test suite for the Extended
Plexil translator.

The validator directory contains schema validation tools for PLEXIL,
used by the test directory and by the Standard PLEXIL compiler
regression test suite.
